Document legacy build vs BuildKit differences (#15477)
docker/docs: build/building/multi-stage.md

## Version compatibility

Multi-stage build syntax was introduced in Docker Engine 17.05.

## Moby vs BuildKit engine differences

- With Moby engine, all stages from the beginning of the Dockerfile up to the specified stage are executed, even if 
some stages are not dependencies of the target stage.
- With BuildKit, only the transitive dependencies of the target stage are executed.

For example, check the following Dockerfile:

```dockerfile
# syntax=docker/dockerfile:1
FROM ubuntu AS base
RUN echo "base"

FROM base AS stage1
RUN echo "stage1"

FROM base AS stage2
RUN echo "stage2"
```

- Output for BuildKit enabled:

```console
$ DOCKER_BUILDKIT=1 docker build --no-cache -f Dockerfile --target stage2 .

> ```
> ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

 => [base 2/2] RUN echo "base"                                                                                                                                                                             0.1s
 => [stage2 1/1] RUN echo "stage2"                                                                                                                                                                         0.2s
 => exporting to image                                                                                                                                                                                     0.0s
 => => exporting layers                                                                                                                                                                                    0.0s
 => => writing image sha256:f55003b607cef37614f607f0728e6fd4d113a4bf7ef12210da338c716f2cfd15                                                                                                               0.0s
```

> - Output for BuildKit disabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, building the same target without BuildKit results in all stages being processed:
```

```console
$ DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0 docker build --no-cache -f Dockerfile --target stage2 .

> ```
> ```console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Sending build context to Docker daemon  219.1kB
Step 1/6 : FROM ubuntu AS base
 ---> a7870fd478f4
Step 2/6 : RUN echo "base"
 ---> Running in e850d0e42eca
base
Removing intermediate container e850d0e42eca
 ---> d9f69f23cac8
Step 3/6 : FROM base AS stage1
 ---> d9f69f23cac8
Step 4/6 : RUN echo "stage1"
 ---> Running in 758ba6c1a9a3
stage1
Removing intermediate container 758ba6c1a9a3
 ---> 396baa55b8c3
Step 5/6 : FROM base AS stage2
 ---> d9f69f23cac8
Step 6/6 : RUN echo "stage2"
 ---> Running in bbc025b93175
stage2
Removing intermediate container bbc025b93175
 ---> 09fc3770a9c4
Successfully built 09fc3770a9c4
```

`stage1` gets executed when BuildKit is disabled, even if `stage2` does not depend on it.

BuildKit is not enabled by default on all platforms. For example, while it is enabled on macOS, it is

> NOT on Linux.

Reviewer: 1) on what platforms is it enabled by default? (how about Windows?)
2) how can I check if I am using BuildKit by default?

Reviewer 2: 1. I think it's enabled by default on Docker Desktop, but not on our Linux packages - the default should be switching to BuildKit everywhere (with buildx :tada:) in the upcoming release of 22.06, see https://github.com/docker/cli/pull/3676.
2. I don't actually know :scream_cat: I know you can look at the configuration file for your installation, e.g. `/etc/docker/daemon.json`, and see if `buildkit` is enabled under the `features` key.

Reviewer: OK, gotcha! Let me suggest another edit based on this info.

> BuildKit is not enabled by default on all platforms. For example, while it is enabled on macOS, it is
> NOT on Linux.

Reviewer: Given that we are about to make BuildKit the default in the near future, we can simplify to this:

```suggestion
BuildKit is enabled by default if you use Docker Desktop.
```

> Docker multi-stage builds should always be run with
> [BuildKit enabled](/develop/develop-images/build_enhancements/)
> to avoid the problem described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always run multi-stage builds with
[BuildKit enabled](/develop/develop-images/build_enhancements/)
for better performance.
```

Author: While I agree with the better performance part, it also changes the semantics of the build.

This bug showed up in our build when enabling BuildKit on a Linux installation. Do you think this should be logged as a bug too? Is it a bug or a feature?
